Catch anything?
I'm sorry for startling you.
My name is Nishida.
I'm a fisherman here.
In Japan, I worked as IT Security Director for a company called Touto High-Speed Connection.
I'm Kirito.
Isn't Touto High-Speed Connection...
Yes. It was in charge of this game's network security.
It's a big one!
Piece of cake.
Well done.
Yes, but while I can catch them, cooking is another matter.
I want to eat it marinated in soy sauce or as sashimi,
but without the soy sauce that's...
Grilled fillets with soy sauce sound good too,
and so does simmering it with radish.
Um, I know something that would work as well.
What did you say?!
I recognized my cowardly past
mitometeta okubyou na kako
Remaining ignorant, I cowered in fear
wakaranai mama ni kowagateta
My other self reflects reality onto the present
ushiro no jibun ga genjitsu wo ima ni utsusu
This world, where I envisioned countless skies,
ikutsu mo no sora wo kaita koko wa kitto
will surely drive my frail heart insane.
hakanai kokoro midashite
In my dreams, I soared in the skies,
yume de takaku tonda karada wa
shaking off any anxieties that clung to me
donna fuan matottemo furiharatteku
A subconscious thought expands outward
nemuru chiisa na omoi hirogaridashite
Notice my weakness and stay by me
kizuku yowai watashi kimi ga ireba
so I can confidently accept this dark world
kurai sekai tsuyoku ireta
I continue to dream for all of eternity
nagai yume miru kokoro wa sou eien de
I wanna always be with you.
I'll give you everything I have.
My, that really hit the spot!
I never thought I'd find soy sauce in this world!
Oh, it's homemade.
If you'd like, please take some with you later.
Can I really?!
Well, I'd very much appreciate that!
That aside, your Fishing skill must be quite high.
Kirito-kun has never brought back a decent catch.
The lakes around here are way too hard to fish at.
Well, not all of them.
Only the large one that you were fishing at.
Why? Is it set up like that?!
Yes, exactly.
That lake...
has a king lurking in it.
A king?!
Yes.
Although I've hooked it several times in the past...
it was fearsomely powerful. I even lost my rods to it.
So I was thinking...
I have something to ask of you.
I'm up for catching the king,
but is switching with a fishing rod possible?
I'm sure you'll figure it out, Kirito-kun.
What will you do if you catch it?
Make it a pet?
Is that even possible?
He was a cheerful old man.
You invited him here unannounced, so I was surprised.
In this world, there are many people just living normally,
and we of the clearing group have a duty to uphold to them.
My... greatest reason for training was my own survival, so...
I think there are a lot of people counting on you now,
including me.
Yeah, I did promise that I would save everyone.
But, at least for a little longer...
Yeah.
What in the world...
Looks like everybody knew about the king.
Okay, now then...
it's finally time for today's main event.
Yeah, I was waiting for this!
Get it today for sure!
Kirito-san, I'll be counting on you.
Nishida-san!
Okay.
Just how big is this thing?
Here we go!
Um, didn't you hook it?
Not yet.
N-Nishida-san.
No, just a bit longer.
Now!
I've hooked it!
Here!
S-Switch—
Fine, bring it on!
Oh, I see it!
All right, not a problem!
Wh-What's wrong?
Hey!
Ouch.
Kirito-kun!
It's dangerous!
What is?!
N-N-No fair!
Don't just run away on your own!
Kirito-san!
It's walking on land.
I wonder if it's a lungfish...
Kirito-san,
now's not the time to be joking around like that!
Let's get out of here!
Oh, I guess you're right.
I didn't want to have to do this.
Miss, run away!
There's nothing to worry about.
Kirito-san, your wife!
Miss!
A-Amazing!
You're Asuna-san, aren't you?
Why are you here?!
I'm your fan.
Shake my hand too!
Good job.
Heathcliff?
Come on, quit moping around.
But it's only been two weeks...
We were called to the frontlines during our leave, so it must be something major.
Well, that's true, but...
Let's at least go hear them out.
Hurry, they'll be waiting.
The faster we get it over with, the sooner we can come back.
Yeah.
Thank you for seeing us off.
Although we couldn't stay long, it was fun.
It was a valuable experience for me.
Honestly, until I met you two,
those fighting to clear the game
seemed to be from a different world.
I've been trapped in this world for two years.
Even if I returned, I don't know if the company would want me.
Deep down, I may have already given up on ever getting out of here.
And so, I decided fishing here would be for the best.
It's shameful to admit.
That's...
That's not...
I, too...
I, too, thought the same things at first
and spent every night crying alone.
With every passing day here, it felt as if my reality was gradually slipping away.
After I cried for a while, I devoted myself to fighting.
Winning and advancing.
I single-mindedly aimed to become stronger.
Then, I found someone taking a nap on the grass near the plaza.
It really ticked me off, so I yelled at him for wasting time.
And he replied, "The weather today is the nicest possible
during the nicest season in Aincrad.
It'd be a waste to spend a day like this in a dungeon."
So I tried lying down for a bit and was sound asleep soon after.
When I woke up, it was evening, and Kirito was grinning at me.
But then, as we partied together, I noticed.
Even in this world, he was enjoying life.
I wasn't losing my days in the real world.
I was just living them out here.
The one who taught me that...
was Kirito-kun.
When I slept with him in mind,
I stopped having bad dreams.
I looked forward to seeing him.
For the first time since I came here,
I appreciated this world.
To me, Kirito-kun is...
the meaning of the two years I spent here
and the proof that I'm alive.
I put on the NerveGear that day,
so that I could meet him here.
Nishida-san, I'm sure there's something here for you too.
You're right.
You're absolutely right.
I didn't waste my life here.
I really didn't.
There's nothing I can do to help,
but I wish you luck.
Let's go fishing together again sometime.
We'll be back.
Teleport to Grandum!
The scouting party was wiped out?!
In preparation for the upcoming boss fight,
we sent a party of twenty players from five guilds.
However, once the first ten reached the center of the room and the boss appeared,
the entrance door closed.
So it's an Anti-Crystal Area...
And after five minutes passed, the door finally opened
and nothing was left in the room.
Both the ten players and the boss had disappeared.
No way...
Nevertheless, we cannot abandon our goal of clearing the game.
Our only option is to try again
with the largest force possible.
We'll offer our cooperation.
However,
for me, Asuna's safety takes the highest priority.
If the situation turns grave, I'll protect her instead of the party.
A person who has something to protect is strong.
I'll be looking forward to it.
Three hours left, huh?
What should we do?
What's wrong?
Don't get angry when I say this.
For today's boss raid,
could you pull out and wait here for me?
Why are you saying that?
In a place where we can't use teleport crystals,
it's impossible to predict what will happen.
I'm scared.
If anything happened to you—
So you want to go to such a dangerous place alone
while I wait here, where it's safe?
If I listen to you and you never come back,
I'll...
commit suicide!
I'd have no more reason to live,
and I wouldn't be able to forgive myself for not going.
Sorry...
I'm panicking.
Deep down, I'd rather just run away together.
I don't care if we can never return to the real world.
I just want to live together with you in our home in the forest!
It'd be nice if we could.
Together every day.
Forever.
Kirito-kun, have you ever thought about it?
About what's happening to our real bodies.
After this game started and several weeks had passed,
there was an incident when most of the players disconnected for a few hours, remember?
During that time, all players
were likely being transported to various hospitals.
Even if our bodies are somehow
being sustained on hospital beds,
I can only imagine that their conditions have deteriorated during these years.
So basically, regardless of whether or not the game is cleared,
there is a time limit?
I...
I... want to always be beside you.
I want to date you for real,
have a real marriage,
and grow old together!
So...
For now, all we can do is fight, right?
Hey!
Oh, you guys are coming too?
Why the surprise?
I'm abandoning my store to lend a hand here.
I can't believe you failed to recognize my self-sacrificing spirit.
Then I guess you won't need a cut of the item drops.
No, that would be...
Open Corridor.
Now, let us go.
It's sort of unsettling, isn't it?
Yeah.
Is everyone ready?
Broadly speaking, the Knights of the Blood will stay up front and keep boss in check,
so in the meantime, discern its attack
patterns and counterattack as appropriate.
It'll likely be a difficult battle, but I believe that your strength will allow us to pull through.
For our freedom!
It'll be fine.
Kirito-kun, I'll protect you.
So you protect me too, okay?
Yeah. You can count on it.
Don't die.
Right back at you!
I'm going to make a killing off today's drops,
so I don't intend to die.
Attack!
Nothing's happening...
Above us!
The Skull...
Reaper?
Don't panic!
Distance yourselves!
This way!
Run!
I-In one hit?
That's insane...
We can't even approach it!
Get back!
I can't repel it...
If we intercept it together, we can stop it.
It's no problem for us!
All right.
We'll take care of the scythes!
Everyone else, attack its flanks!
Here we go!
Okay...
Quit thrashing around!
Damn it!
Kirito-kun!
Yeah.
The far-sounding chime of a bell carried a solitary tone
tooku ni kikoeta kane no ne ga sukoshi samishikute
It rang once more, but with greater clarity and vibrance
mou ichido tsuyoku kondo wa takaku kakenuketa
Neither this ever-repeating reality nor these wishes that dot the sky
tada kurikaesu genjitsu mo hoshi no kazu no negaigoto mo
can surpass the feeling of having found meaning in tomorrow
mezasu beki asu wo mitsuketa kono omoi ni wa katenai
It's fine if the boundless world spread before me is merely a dream
me no mae ni hirakareta hatenai sekai tatoe yume demo ii
Even if it continues to waver, it always clearly resounds in my dreams
mayoi tsuzuketemo yume no oku de tsuyoku zutto zutto hibiiteku
Softly, softly shining
sotto sotto hikatteru